let's blow this joint
to in your eyes
she
science you might have jokes in your
eyes She Blinded Me was TI lady Babylon
bring you to the goddess chromatic
chronic snake people Something Wicked
This Way Comes come pro you co people
form Black Sabbath red R snake bending
from her legs merry purple fingers we a
wizard with a tree limb wand elect Mo
shine bring the dawn Global destruction
player on the yo-yo I live in the dream
on the way of
Med do you know the mysteries of magic
walk across the skies Athena in the
boiling culton stir Darkness through
dreams hail Satan
cracking whips to your ears from my Do's
lips poisonous kiss black arrows hit the
M Dragon Venom lay you down in the Tall
Grass it only took one drop you might
have Js to your eyes she to me
science you might have drugs in your
eyes She Blinded Me With Science
welcome back to Lady Babylon it's so
nice to have you here with us tonight
I'm GNA be real still chewy go ahead and
minimize me just right off the bat man
we're just G to sit here with the dude
and we're gonna talk about some things
that are just oh God just lovely and
inspiring but before we do I want you up
something to feast upon oh god what have
I brought you tonight you know me you
know me satanic congregation you know me
I have brought you the prime the prime
beef tonight and how will you be having
your Prime Beef you'll be having it rare
rare bloody man that's how we'll have it
we'll have our beef bloody
hail Satan to everybody out there from
the
congregation I want you to put on your
ears tonight and I want you to be in
full code and I want you to understand
for those of you who have ears to hear
but before we get there before we get
there and do some actual Greek I want to
show you a couple of dudes a couple of
dudes who talk about doing Greek but
honestly I haven't really ever seen him
do any um themselves and it's kind
of okay what am I doing you know you
know me you know me what have I served
you up
tonight Congregation of Satan what have
I served you
up you're going to love this what do we
have here we've got a Bible scholar and
a
and uh pod jockey yeah I don't know um
what do you call
them um people who ask questions how's
that how's that fantastic it's G to be
gorgeous let's just play I just want to
look it's already ready I had the chef
prepare this for you early I I really
recommend the sliced buttocks what we're
going to look at here is a series is a
series of missteps and
miscalculations oh God what are you
doing and then at the end of this dinner
I'm gonna give you such a sweet dessert
satanic congregation this one's for you
this one's for you do you understand oh
my beloved what did I do for you tonight
let's show it without further do bring
out the first course so when you're
exting something and you're looking at
an ancient language you're trying to get
at the author's intention by different
levels of contextual application so
there's immediate contextualization
there's document contextualization
there's historical
contextualization unfortunately what
Ammon is doing is he's confusing and
conflating
whole Realms of how we do interpretation
of ancient languages so in the biblical
documents Christ has a very specific
meaning and application that doesn't
mean that Rio does not mean applying a
drug to your eyes that you may see
that's not what anybody is saying now I
don't think anybody who reads classical
Greek would say that that's not true
it's just that that's what it means in a
very specific instance right I think
it's very clear that Ammon has a lot of
proficiency In classical Greek yes but
doesn't appear to have as much of a
Proficiency in Co Greek which is what
the Bible is written and so coin means
common so you have this spectrum for a
long time Scholars looked at the Greek
of the Bible and they were confused by
it because they were like why is it so
different than the classical Greek
however he then extrapolates that and
says this expertise allows me to make
conclusions like the Greek translation
of the Old Testament is not a
translation it's the original and the
Hebrew is the translation when of the
tens of thousands of subt gental
Scholars so that's the Greek translation
of the Old Testament that
septent no one holds that position right
not like there's a few little there's a
contingent here
nobody wow there's a lot there by the
way tens of thousands
seriously of what did he say he made
that up
septu what the oh my god look people
let's look I just want to quote this
person to you I just want to quote and
please satanic congregation tell me
we're just hanging out on a Friday night
tell me does this make any sense to you
chewy if the congregation can make sense
of this please flash it up there we'll
you know we'll send out an apology
letter but this doesn't make any sense
to me when you were looking at an
ancient Lang anguage you were trying to
get to the author's intention by
different levels of contextual
application
huh did you just
vomit a
salad oh my God no it was not a salad
that was a verbal grenade what was that
I still don't understand it Satanic
congregation please these are the tri
these are the people who take you in the
back when you start hearing Flim
Flam right what have you got what do we
what did I serve you tonight I served
you another biblical scholar isn't it
delicious it's lovely to eat them it's
lovely to eat them oh God oh God
delicious yes yes my precious you may
have another yes oh God I love it do you
see it welcome to the banquet no no no
no are you kidding I still have much to
say chewy I still have much to say
people okay here we go I want to say
another thing
confusing wait what am I okay look in
all seriousness you heard that that was
just that was just nothing right when
you were looking at an ancient language
you were trying to get to the author's
intention no I'm not no I'm not trying
to do
anything this man has never made
linguistic
love my
God this man is a linguistic
monk right you've had little experience
I'm sorry I'm sorry to have to do this
to you what is get it who who is this
person that we're talking about today
bring him up just so we can see him this
is the menu hello and where's his name
where's oh it's not up there it's not
Wesley is it no no I think it's oh is it
Huff Huff that's right here you here you
go soon to be Dr Huff right
fantastic Wesley I've got some advice
for you tonight don't mess around man
don't mess around with people you don't
play games you don't read texts in order
to create in
attention you read
texts in order to become one with the
source to understand if you've done your
job as a translator you've made that
transition you've given that person the
ability to step back 2,000 plus years
into the
shoes of the people who left us those
voices fantastic this is Wesley Wesley
please tell me Wesley send me an email
and please explain to me Wesley what the
hell you mean when you say you're trying
to read some kind of intention in this
levels of contextual application I think
you I think you're making it up man
confusing and conflating this is now I
you accuse me of confusing and
conflating what
I can't even listen to you man I'm
pretty sure though that you've got your
hand around my backside I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure confusing and conflating
whole
Realms of how we do interpretation of
ancient language you do what
interpretation of ancient languages what
the hell are you talking
about do you know what this is satanic
congregation this is not a classical
philologist this is not and that's the
problem this Wesley has stamped into the
arena when he shouldn't have you got in
with a professional and everything you
said was wrong everything I don't think
I could
have frecked it up any better myself if
I had written your lines oh my my God
people
people give me a couple give me a couple
more this is my beloved congregation
this is what I don't want you getting
hammered by almond has Proficiency in
classical not
coin right and every classicist would
shake their head and go this this dude
whose pronunciation betrays his Seminary
training like the sound of a seminar and
gagging on some kind of medical
applicator yes yes that's what the grade
that I give
you yes you get the seminarian
gag fantastic oh God oh God what was it
the the look people what is really
important what's it proficiency and
classical classical Greek right the
Bible is written
is written in a
language and what language is that it's
ancient
Greek yeah do you know what a classical
philologist does wedley
they
study
Greek from the earliest form of M and
Linear
B to the genius
Byzantine
commentators garans
2,000 years Wesley and your
text are sitting right in the middle and
you have no walls anymore Wesley you
have no walls cuz I'm not here just to
talk about reading Greek I'm here to
read Greek and I need to school you a
little bit buddy it's called
coin because every dialect in their are
four major dialects of ancient Greek
every dialect has a tendency Wes if you
knew this the Greeks are the ones who
taught this you'd understand why but you
don't read those garans right of course
you don't right oh my God I can't
oh what can you taste it Satanic
congregation can you taste it just wait
just wait oh
God so
every dialect has a tendency to
degenerate to a common level of
speech where you're losing the technical
Acuity you're losing the um the
Elegance you know grammarians will
describe it as it's a
sophistication right an added layer of
flexibility in the language you mean
some languages or go through St ages no
all languages are living they're born
and they live and they die and some die
right away and some kill others yeah
just wholesale
killing yeah love it and so classical
philology is those 2,000 years coin a is
just a term that's used for the
degenerative process in the language
there's adct coin and ionian and Dorian
it's you know it's just a process these
are not different languages at all this
person obviously has not studied
anything outside of Interlinear which is
typical for this kind of biblical
scholar it's what they you know it's
what the it's what they push out I was
there in the machine I was you know I
was making waves because my people were
coming out with having read some things
that you know they wouldn't normally
have read yeah and with the ability to
actually read them that's the amazing
thing I'm going to have by the way next
Wednesday I'm gonna have a former
student hopefully he can come along and
testify right I want you people to see
other people who's who have um been on
the quest to learn the Greek the ancient
Greek to be able to read these texts and
now they're reading them and they love
it right we're not talking do you see
what we're not doing here we're not
advertising we're not selling you
anything Isn't it nice we don't have to
watch commercials it's glorious I give
you the best baby I give you the best
and you give me the best
back and I love it I love it because
you're sexy what else did I want to say
before we go on to the next clip um 10
of thousands of septu agan
Scholars are you kidding me
these are the people who were saying
that I
exaggerate tens of thousands you got
Jack is what you got you got a you got a
bunch of you you got a bunch of people
who don't who just don't bring it right
you just can't bring it now why am I
saying that so confidently right so much
God is his Mojo is off the it's off the
meter baby right how do I know how can I
say that so confidently because I've
been swimming in the sources I've been
swimming in the sources and you can spot
somebody who's bsing a mile away a mile
away okay hit this next clip hit the
next clip let's this is the second
course people give it to your point
about alen having a a knowledge that
very few people have on certain aspects
of like linguistic patterns in ancient
languages like I I forget some of the
terms of them I'll [ __ ] that up if I try
to say but you're your point there is is
right and I also think
that's that's the slippery slope with a
guy like him too because I will tell you
I don't care what the topic is whenever
I hear someone come out and say I'm the
only guy that knows about what's
happening with this language because
I've been studying this my whole life
right and there's really no one else
who's gone to Israel and studied the gek
among the architecture there when I hear
that that says to me like he's there say
he's therefore saying because I'm the
only knowledge on this you have to
listen to me and he's he's precluding
that there could be
any defenses against what he's saying
because other people don't know which
you know it's a strong word to use but
when I hear stuff like that I go uhoh is
that like charlatanism
you know how good it is to be called a
charlatan I mean it takes a little bit
it takes a little bit of the edge off
coming from him right it's like no I
don't need the doesn't have this
certificate of authenticity quite you
know what I mean when you got a bishop
involved that's one thing
but anywh who um yeah how' you H how'
you like it right
um um can we just would it be possible
could just so that we can all kind of
take it in the Brilliance can we watch
the clip again hit it again chewy I want
to see it again goad point about amen
having a a knowledge that very few
people have on certain aspects of like
linguistic patterns and ancient
languages like I I forget some of the
terms of them I'll [ __ ] that up if I try
to say but your your point there is is
right and I also think
that's that's the slippery slope with a
guy like him too because I will tell you
I don't care what the topic is whenever
I hear someone come out and say I'm the
only guy that knows about what's
happening with this language because
I've been studying this my whole life
right and there's really no one else has
gone to Israel and studied the Greek
among the architect piure there when I
hear that that says to me like he's
there say he's therefore saying because
I'm the only knowledge on this you have
to listen to me and he's he's precluding
that there could be
any defenses against what he's saying
because other people don't know which
you know it's a strong word to use but
when I hear stuff like that I go uhoh is
that like charlatanism
don't think he means preclude
there
um I never said any of
that yeah now what you're seeing is
complete and total dishonesty but this
is typical this is not the first time
this I've ever been to a rodeo right but
this is completely completely typical
now I never said such a thing as a
matter of fact two
Danny
Jones yeah yeah I said the
classicist if they would pull their
heads out of their
asses and look at the medical sources
that we have thousands and thousands and
thousands of pages
of they can
verify what I am telling you and I told
Danny there's a couple of phds who have
done work at one of
exitor right on Galen translating Galen
about gayen giving Marcus aelius
drugs and this
clownery is fighting
desperately an uphill battle against the
sources you see because that's our magic
we don't care about your what was that
what did he say oh I can't even I I
can't even fathom the depth of that
poopery R it's like are you in the hole
are you in the poophole if you're are
you swimming around Nancy Reagan and
Grim Brothers what are you doing what
are you doing watch this people okay and
you all right just wait I just wanna I
never said that why not why wouldn't I
say such a thing as I would tell
somebody right including Danny
Jones the evidence is all there and yes
classicists are trained in this area
right um but they don't really go into
the science or medicine once they start
to open up that and they see how
christing is
used right then they can verify whether
or not what I'm saying is correct and I
can tell you for a fact I've already
talked to several people who have said
yeah no he's just you know it's just
translation right that's what he's doing
what he's trying to tell you is that the
dialect of his own language is special
and he goes on of his own of his own
holy books the New Testament that is
special it's God inspired oh this is
some stuff he got from the Middle Ages
right that's where his brain is it's in
the Middle
Ages right okay okay
this is not
Antiquity the sources are our
reflections of antiquity it's when we
look at those that we find what the
Christ thing is right I would never of
course I would never say something like
oh no I'm the only one who has the
proper translation no but I will say my
colleagues are lazy and don't study the
science because it's
hard yes I will say that I will say that
oh and finally finally I want
to I want to say this look first and
second course now we have the
dessert I want to let you in bring his
picture up one more
time bring his picture up one more
time
boom there there he is oh is it we just
can't see it he's like a ghost make
yourself visible Wesley Huff comes me oh
there you are there you are Wesley Al I
see you I see
you I know something about Wesley that
you
don't I know something about Wesley
chewy put your hand over your big furry
mouth
are you
ready Danny Jones invited Wesley Huff to
come on the
show to talk with
me that's right that's right he did
months ago and what
Wesley what was your
response
sorry too busy
too
busy really really and Wesley does too
busy include going on second rate
podcasts with interviewers who have no
idea about any of the sources that they
Babble Babble Babble about trying to
control all of us trying to take us into
a back alley this man is a fraud and the
one who interviewed him is also a fraud
I never said anything they said I said
but that's what frauds
do that's what frauds
do and it doesn't hold it man classical
philologists don't put up with that and
that's why Wesley talked his tail and
ran away so that he could circle jerk
another day
do you
understand what the
world is offering you satanic
congregation they're offering you a
giant steaming pile of Wesley Huff
Wesley Huff well Wesley if you're too
afraid if you're too afraid to come and
talk with me with Danny Jones's referee
Wesley I'm sorry I'm sorry but this is
for this is for you this is for you
Wesley you know what you do you don't
step into the arena Wesley with a
[ __ ]
veteran oh God please somebody give me
the cherry on the top of that dessert
satanic congregation was that good or
what okay all right take him
down we're done thank you thank you Hof
and whoever the other guy
is something right something
oh Burn Right remember Junior High yes
Cyrus on the bus burn anyway give it to
me give it to me what I want where do I
want to take you today people I'm gonna
take you to a place of total Revelation
I'm gonna take you oh God it's don't you
I love these lovely Tex people that's
what matters right I'm not going to pump
that well
I'm I know I know but I just want I'm
I'm I'm sorry this is an amazing
sentence of human buffoonery when you're
looking at an ancient language like the
one we've got in front of you what are
we supposed to do we're trying to get to
the author's
intention what we're trying to get no no
we're not we're not trying to do
anything we not trying to do anything
you you textual Fiend I would say banana
is that's not how you treat ancient text
but that's okay it sounds like he hasn't
ever been with many you
know burn that was burn that was a total
burn did everybody like the teddy by the
way tonight I'm GNA try to get chewy to
replay that intro just so people can see
it because it's you know it's got some
heavy stuff in it Teddy Bass thank you
very much let's get on our way here
let's torture the hell out of people are
you ready what do I have this notice
this is the revelation of the Apocalypse
I have in my right hand the Seven Stars
oh what am I doing I'm actually showing
them their own tags for the first time
right isn't it lovely they're quite res
hesitant to receive their own text which
I find atrocious right that what have
they done they've built a castle of
theological doodo right and you know
dooo doesn't stop cannons people right
give me the oh God give me back the text
look at this look at this Huff I've got
your text I've got her right here you
know what your text loves me the more
than she does you baby right at least
that's what her lip
say by the way your pronunciation Wes
sound like it oh it's it's too much
isn't it it's too much no it's to burn
it's a total burn you sound like my
seminarians before I corrected
them a little bit like a unic oh burn
that was a burn that was so good and
having in my right hand what those Seven
Stars right what's what is he doing he's
gotten his right hand Seven Stars we're
back people I we walked off the bus
without even realizing it here we are
we're back at that dirty dirty cult
right we're hanging out with the
Christians doing cult weird things right
does anybody see what was in the bowl oh
God and from the mouth from the mouth of
this dude comes a sword that is
sharpened on both sides and his
appearance his appearance is as the
son yeah yeah in its power
oh God how is that
concert yeah we have
rejoined the bakic
Revel right as we follow the mystery to
its
conclusion to its climax right we have
opened the portal that's how it always
begins right excellent let's just follow
can we just follow and as we're reading
this for those of you who have your to
hear put them on put them on cuz it's
coming people ask me all the time
where's all the orphic Vox I'm slapping
you in the face with my big oric Vox
tonight do you understand do you
understand it's
linguistic
1979 do you understand somebody turn
that thing off give me the gives me the
creeps all right I hope they left pizza
boxes somewhere next one people I want
to take you back in time are you ready
oh and by the way I don't know why he
threw in the Israel thing there I mean
didn't even really makees sense the way
he said it I mean it's truly puzzling
it's like you
know there's a vetting process when
you're a professional right as a
professional classical philologist there
was a vetting process and you have to go
through a you know just a whole bunch of
different obstacles to the point where
you're in professional meetings that are
international right and kicking ass and
taking names and if you don't you kind
of get flushed out of the system you
know what I mean it's there must not be
the same vetting process that they have
for either biblical Scholars or for um
and every yeah there's a lot of laughter
about that biblical Scholars and for
hosts right podcast hosts right you
would thank the area that you were
working on but it isn't it isn't why is
it that way I don't know I don't know
people but let's just go right and oh
yeah here we are Gat that's where we're
looking for right oh look at that let's
just a little bit if you go just a
little bit West right and jump over the
river there right you're going to see
place that I used to work it was lovely
lovely I love that place and
[Music]
there oh God there's a
monk um uh who has been watching a nun
who was watching me Fant it's another
story but let's get it let's go to the
next one
right fantastic putting words in
people's mouths how terrible people
seriously how
terrible people are catching up right
not only did we find the actual you know
drugs with the formula their mind
altering drugs with you know sex juice
and I'm you know human juice from things
that were obviously sexual is what I
mean when I say sex juice do you
understand pora the cup of pora right
not only do we just physically have it
now right so but the same sank tank
managed to come up with a new one well
here here let's just insert words no no
no just when you when you can catch up
with the ancient Greek then we'll you
know then we'll talk in the meantime
stick this right stick this some into
your put it here L get down on your
hands and knees to the holy Jesus Christ
right the guy who was arrested in a
public park by the way that is one thing
I want to say take it down and blow me
up to you this is the one serious thing
I really need to
say I really want to say to the host of
that
podcast do you
realize that you are
wearing the execution symbol of the guy
they caught in a public park with a
naked kid standing there with him with
other boys who were
unconscious that's your dude and he's
yelling the whole time I'm not a child
trafficker that is your dude the world
that you live in the images in your mind
Mr podcaster the images in your wife's
mind in your os's mind those images
those dreams will be of
him you are bound in the
ion to a dude who is arrested in a
public park with a naked
kid yeah oh that is a historical fact
that is an historical fact even if
you're going to invent a glory bomb
Jesus went into the garden and Glory
bombed it remember that remember that
Pastor that guy was hilarious right how'
the naked kid well he was a dead person
Jesus Glory bombed him right into
existence okay give me some sources
tonight right people how do we we clean
our pallet with some really good source
work that's what we have to do and I'll
bring you some things these are gifts
little gifties right that's all I just
want you to have some Beauty on a Friday
night for goodness sakes right oh God
and it's poison I forgot to say that
it's Beauty but it's also poison are you
ready this is Mark
59 yeah who is it we're talking to we're
talking to the possessed and why are we
talking to the possessed because that's
what you're doing if you're a Christ and
if you don't understand it it's because
you don't
understand what a Christ is right and
what is the demon telling us back right
because we ask him what's your name and
the demon tells us my name's
Leon right oh
God
Legion cuz we are
many a isn't that gorgeous now where
have we gone oh we went to the
gines and when we got there the first
thing happened happens is Jesus gets
mobbed by this dude that comes out of
the
graveyard right dude that comes out of
the graveyard do you remember where the
wolves
are yeah and what's the dude's
problem he's got
demons he's got demons and everybody
recognizes that Jesus the
Christ can deal with his demon
right as he's cutting himself and
everybody says why is he cutting himself
Wesley have you seen
him the ones that hang out in the
graveyards Wesley no you haven't cuz you
have never stepped outside Wesley I'm
here I'm here my little boy I'm here to
P you P you through the doorway just let
me in Wesley just let me in Wesley the
first thing by the way the first I would
have done now Wesley ran right I hate to
say it Wesley but we've got the tray of
your
testic fortitude and it's pretty light
you know what I mean because you ran you
did this you pulled a kip you pulled a
kip On Us Wesley and you ran instead of
engaging I and really you know what
you've had you've had people in the past
who have been way more engaging man you
had some of those fiery murderous
Protestants who were way more engaging
you had some inquisitors right oh God
way more engaging I'm not impressed
Wesley with the modern brand I'm just
not you know it's just not doing
anything for
me yeah it's not how if you had stayed
all I would have done is I would have
probed you Wes I would have probed you a
little bit so that people could see
exactly where you have
been that's all it wouldn't hurt
yeah it probably would have been quick I
understand why you ran but Wesley now
you've got to live with the fact that
you worship a dude who was arrested in a
public park with a naked
boy and this dude was christed and what
does it mean to be christed it means to
be
drugged it's very
specific yeah yeah sorry
it was a thing it was a thing Wesley it
was a thing hey Beautiful People yeah
oh yes um Shirt By the way for those
people from sat satanic congregation who
are a little bit concerned shirt is
fine shirt is on
vacation yes so please stop
sending your
well-wishes to shirt shirt will be back
there's nothing wrong with shirt right
sure just need a little time off okay
fantastic fantastic give me another give
me another source JY did we even get to
that I don't think I even got to that
one give me give me the source yeah
no oh God now it's going to slide
in at least we're here right okay good
take me minimize me people yeah okay no
I don't let's just bring it up we're
waiting for it people in case you
understand um I'm waiting for my source
to come up because we are um we have
been challenged to be able to broadcast
from a
necromantic a a NE necromantic what um
well I suppose you could call it um and
so it's interfering
Mark 59 and he asked him he said we many
darn it I knew that was wrong it's
Legion oh look it came right and look
this dude came and his name was Yos and
what did he do he was an
Aron he was an archon makes him sound
dangerous no no he was just the leader
of one of their local assemblies you
know what I mean you know what I mean
but he has a daughter and he comes out
and he falls down at the feet of Jesus
right
again again
why
why right if you have the context of the
mystery and what Christ thing is this
all makes perfect sense if you don't you
have to make up fairy
tales
you have been listening to fairy tales
from people like Wes and the other guy
with show you've been
listening
to complete and total Fabrications of
reality the
real evidence is way more interesting
right it's way more interesting anyway
um yeah and he's like what does he want
you know what I mean what does this guy
Want Jesus to do he wants him to come to
his house because his daughter he's got
a 12-year-old daughter right and
something's wrong with her
she is in
escaton right oh God what what does that
mean what is that
mean I am the
beginning and the end when you were an a
cult whose mystery puts you into a death
State and then resurrects you people
come to
you for
help when when things have gone wrong in
the process you are a priest and as a
priest that makes you a
physician it makes you a physician oh
did you wonder kitties did you wonder
why Jesus was walking around treating
people did did it not occur oh my God
this is the first human being to ever
consider this no no this is because you
are stuck with a fairy
tale that does not bring you the actual
evidence yeah and it's it's it's a
circus run by clowns and whether they're
selling T-shirts or whether they're
writing articles for academic journals
and getting paid to go speak what's the
current rate right now for these bozos
do you know what I just found it out
because the devil tells me everything I
just found out you know what these you
know what these bastards make I'm not
talking about these two guys that I'm
not pointing it could be I don't know
but you know what the academics make now
they make ,000 an hour for an
interview $1,000 an hour when you're
sitting there I just want you to think
about this for a minute and by the way
lady Babylon we have no sponsors we have
not been monetized I can I've I I can be
if if I choose to work for YouTube I can
be but the only reason I am here is
because I choose not to this has kept us
under the algorithm's death ray isn't
that fantastic it's glorious now okay
it's all according to a plan I don't
want this material to be
tainted to be tainted with some kind of
merchandising and the minute I do the
devil takes away my access do you
understand so it's contractually on my
side right I have to work for a living
yeah and I do I do baby I stand on my
corner and I do my
thing love it but you lady
Babylon right do you
understand give it to me give me the
next one let's go to some of the sexy
Bible here
W let me show you some sexy bible stuff
Wes right yeah oh I not you don't wor
this is Luke what is this from Luke oh
yeah so he comes up to the lead of the S
synagogue oh and somebody comes up and
they say um your kid is dead bro make
scho oh I love that word scho by the way
that second word on the third line look
at that scho you know what that is we
get the word skilla
right who's schoola schoola she's the
lady that will totally manhandle
you she's the lady that will manhandle
you those dudes that come back from the
Black Sea just ask them ask them about
the lady that will manhandle you so stop
manhandling him dude because or text
because she's dead wait a minute there
was this girl there I
thought what are these in the wrong
order these are entirely different books
don't you love it okay give it to me
what's the next little cheesy tidbit
Luke 8:50 and Jesus did what hearing is
he answered you know don't be
afraid just
trust right she will be
saved now she will be saved this is a
dude are you kidding this is a death
thing right now why do they go to him to
to Jesus in the first place same reason
the dude from the tombs ran up same same
reason every demoniac on every drug is
running up to
Jesus because he's the
Christ right it's not what you
think yeah he's the Christ you
know the drug in
ureides and by the way um Wesley also
said that what I'm saying can't be true
because Ides didn't affect um was it
Wesley maybe it was another one I don't
know it was one of them I get them I
don't know I get him confused it's like
you hit him with a car and you're like
what was that oh it was Evangelical in
the road you know what I mean Devil's
truck don't stop baby you know what I
mean oh God what was I even talking
about let's go
uh
Ides thanks by the way for those of you
who think chew is an AI come on
seriously
Ides right
Ides he dude said um we can't let
Ides influence you know didn't it had no
bearing I think the words were no
bearing probably damn no
bearing on the New Testament did you
know that um Paul the Apostle quotes
these people right as a matter of fact
Paul
Apostle talks about a very famous quote
that goes to epines and epines is
stealing it from
media and that's that all cratons are
liars just like these
evangelicals and these Catholics that
are sitting here pulling the wool over
your
eyes do you know why all cratons are
liars because everybody knows medas is
the most
beautiful that's why that's where that
quote comes from you know who she is
she's a
skilla she's a skilla she'll take you
down and this is why people like Wes
they probably should run when Almond's
around fortunately sh don't say anything
to Bob Larson if you know Bob Larson do
not get in touch with him please do not
warn him do not say oh my God Bob what
are you in for I would have loved to
have sat with Wes and just taken him
just found out just probe him a little
bit Wes you know tell let's talk about
the great bet buddy let's talk about it
you know just see let's just get into it
don't be afraid right you're in the big
pool now you know what I mean it's time
to get out of the kitty pool right it's
it's hard to lure them when they have
that sense of fear already you know what
I mean but Bob didn't have it Bob didn't
have it and maybe that's the story right
the young you scare away and they run
when you're a hunter and the old they
get dragged down they get dragged down
right Bob is carrying in his
soul
exorcism exorcism is an old old art oh I
can't wait to talk with Bob about exm I
can't wait I can't wait I've been
promised fantastic results give me the
next one let's give him some more great
Hil medas is right man by the way
everybody at satanic uh um congregation
please this this shirt for some reason
makes me want to let you relax right
pleas please relax please relax do
whatever you're doing on this Friday
night I know we're a little bit late to
start and do whatever you're doing and
I'm thinking maybe I'll get chewy to
replay that intro would you mind
replaying that intro because I just want
to celebrate we can come back to Luke
he's going to be here all the time you
know what I'm doing people I'm taking
these sources and I'm I'm using them to
build a bonfire upon which all the BS is
set and set a flame right but um I want
you to notice the Artistry in both the
music and its visual representation and
the programming the programming it's
just fantastic chewy hit me with the I'm
sorry but I'm going to indulge everybody
um I'm going to well actually please
indulge me please indulge me and let me
to play Teddy again give me the
intro Blinded Me
science you might have jokes in your
eyes She Blinded Me
was Lady Babylon bring you to the
goddess chromatic chronic snake people
Something Wicked This Way Comes come
proo bottle people form Black Sabbath
red R snake Bend him from her legs merry
purple fingers we a wizard with a tree
limb wand elect Mo shine bring the dawn
Global destruction player on the yo-yo I
live in the dream on the way of
Med do you know the mysteries of magic
walk across the skies Athena in the
boiling cauldron stir Darkness through
dreams hail Satan cracking whips to your
ears from the do's lips poisonous kiss
black arrows hit them off Dragon Venom
lay you down in the Tall Grass it only
took one drop you might have to your
eyes
she
science you might have Closs in your
eyes She Blinded Me with
sence thing that's a lot of christing
and we're going to continue just pulling
out the christing let's go back let's
dive back into the Bible and let's see
let's pull out some culty weird stuff
going
on oh yeah what
happens oh so okay where are we at at
the point in our story so the
dude um has said my daughter is ill
right um he didn't say she's ill he said
she's at the point of her
escaton right um first and last you know
what I mean and Jesus says don't worry
everybody's upset because they get there
late right because people are delaying
Jesus and what are they delaying Jesus
for they're delaying because he is
healing people he is healing people
people he's acting The Physician correct
right it's because he is it's what these
people with the drug knowledge do did
you know the word in Greek yah my for
heal it also means to counteract a drug
as an
antidote okay
EOS not only did these people miss the
boat they missed it a complete 180
degrees off right they couldn't have
been more wrong
the cult itself the mystery is built
upon a
medicine that involves the use of mind
altering
drugs mind altering drugs not just like
one the not just the ones in the C of
bass that everybody in Florida by the
way Danny Jones I hope you're able to
track down the C of best people and to
get the scientists to come in there and
please ask them Danny please ask ask
them say is it true that it's the
vaginal proteins that are in there is
that what it is oh God I can't wait to
see this so exciting why people because
this is ancient cult ancient cult and we
are rediscovering this ancient cult this
is how Renaissance happens right if you
have ears to hear you will understand
what I am saying you'll understand what
I saying
please tell the Templars they let us
down Templar crashed my God man give me
the next one it was the I told him you
know it was licking the the thing about
the taint licking which is the people
that's historical right the Templars
were investigated for licking the
area around the anus of
their um Brothers you know you know what
I mean when they're getting initiated
it's not funny man come on man some
Templars they did it when they were like
16 17 18 right I know the modern
Templars don't like this but it is a
fact right that the 16-year-old Templar
had to fend down and lick the per anal
area of the dude that was initiating him
and then the dude got the ability to um
according to the interrogation
sodomize the six aforementioned 16 17 18
year olds
right yeah these by the way wait you're
going to love this these by the way were
the
people who invented
banking I am not kidding
you I am not kidding you all right what
does this say everybody oh God
everybody's crying everybody's mourning
why because this girl is died right and
Jesus is gonna tell us she didn't die
she's
sleeping she's
sleeping I need the next Source go ahead
keep right it's kind of quick usually
we're quicker people I'm sorry but I'm
dealing with tiny tiny Windows of tech
here okay I need somebody from the CIA
to drop by and plop down some kind of
orb or something right give me some
wavelength that can counteract
the whatever it is that well that well
outside goes to the underworld oh my God
what is he talking about no I'm serious
it's part of the landscape with the
peblo and everything it's nice um anyway
what happened um he wants him to put his
hands on her right he wants him to put
daddy wants the
Christ to put his
hands or to
handle his 12-year-old
daughter who is in the
escaton and Jesus says do not worry she
will come back and boom he handles her
and she does he handles her and she does
and do you know what's in those jugs of
the fluids they take from this
process yeah they're sexual
fluids they're sexual fluids they have
names for them right the cup of
porna now poor West right right he was
reading novels about getting left behind
and stuff like that
that were written by morons you know
what I like total
morons um but that's what happens you
know it's nobody's fault it's not like
it's a matter of
intelligence right it's just a matter of
you know when you're fed a certain fairy
tale and you believe history is a fairy
tale then you're willing to swallow
certain things you know what I mean your
values get compromised next thing you
know you're out in the alleyway right
with Wes and what's his name who
are doing their thing you know
selling
selling yeah I'm not
selling this is my honor to give you
these sources that's what it is yeah and
I'm going to give them to you straight
up I'm not going to throw a bunch of
stupid words in your face trying to
putty you over with BS
right we don't do that we don't do that
here this is for people who really want
who really want to learn and it scares
them people the only reason that I'm
getting this kind of interest is because
the everything has legs right when we
started this process I told you
congregation I told you the devil told
me you can't lie to them at all and I
was like not at all even just once like
maybe if I don't want somebody's
somebody's feelings to get hurt and he
said no
zero and I said why and he said
because your credibility will be very
important and they will
try to break you through your
credibility if they can't he said they
will put words in your
mouth right don't
believe everything that you hear and see
especially when you're talking about a
modern
day podcast that hasn't been through a
vetting process in the art we are
Samurai we are
Samurai and you can bring as many
classicist in this as you want and
eventually you'll get it but I'm not
going to hang around and wait for people
like
Wesley and what's his name
fantastic give me the next one give me
the next Source let's wash this Wesley
and goop from
our I was gonna say something I was
gonna it's no it's everything must be
appropriate you know what I mean
everything must be appropriate shout out
to everybody out there um tonight Who's
come to
eat got a little flavor a little a
little scrumptiousness right don't worry
Bob larsson's going to be a big one and
um what happened oh by the way Jesus
does his thing he's been handling her
this whole time right and what happens
guess what her spirit returns and she
revives right and she sits up and he's
like now get her something to eat like
any good physician would do who had just
introduced to her an antidote
it says that he healed
her do you
understand what that
means yeah did you think there wouldn't
be some kind of Reckoning for being
involved in a mystery you know it's very
very cont contrary to what everybody
believes maybe the 10 thousands how many
of these 10 thousands of thousands of of
what are they
SE to a g these Scholars there's sounds
like an army of Scholars out there right
and what do they all say they all
say almond can't be
right right so you have a choice you
have a choice people follow the tens of
thousands which I doubt that's anywhere
near
um follow the dozens
maybe yeah of Scholars who are biblical
Scholars and they will wait a minute who
these are biblical Scholars oh okay all
right bring them on yeah bring them on
I'll I'll devour all
10,000 of your Scholars do you know what
one good classical philologist can do he
can neuter 10,000
Wes's yeah he can neuter them bring him
on look Wes wait Wes come
back Wes come back oh God Chey ran away
he ran
away what oh he fell into the hole get
in the hole Wes get in the hole Wes gets
in the poop hole for running away from a
challenge that's what everybody should
believe in right right I'm trying to
teach you the classical values that kept
this world great right I'm trying to
teach you West into the poo pool and
here's the lesson West you never
run you never ever ever ever
run because it just makes me want to
chase you
more
yeah that was for your wife buddy all
right he says I'm not married no maybe
is maybe isn't give it to me
the incubus is not limited to time right
I forgot to tell I forgot to tell you
people recent update turns out in our
experimentations the incubus is not
limited at
time it means I can enter your wife's
dreams of tomorrow
today isn't that
neat give me the next one oh God she's
look he's messing around with the 12
again right and he's trying to give him
power and authority to do what to cast
out to cast out demons
no what is a that's what you hear right
in the Bible when you read the King
James right to cast out the demons
what's the last
word yeah
the the this is treatment people
remember there's no separation between
the religion and the medicine right the
drugs the pharmacy the sorcery is all
part of the
mystery and that's what he's pointing
out here in the very end they're going
to act as doctors using medicines to
cast out your demons do you understand
those voices that you hear we can cast
those
out yeah we can do
that yeah fantastic give me the next one
give me the next one the guy was totally
fine he stopped hearing it you know what
I mean and he's next thing you know he's
dressed normal and he's not doing the
thing in the tombs and he's not cutting
himself you know what I mean yeah right
and he sent him out to announce the
kingdom of God and to
yasi and to bring the cure to set the
antidote to dissolve control of the
Demons you understand there's no
separation are these recreational drugs
these are medicinal
recreational whatever you want to call
them whatever kind of garbage you want
to make up people does it does it anger
you tell me should we get some responses
from satanic congregation tonight if it
angers you does it anger you as much as
it does me to see somebody come on and
pretend right pretend and to fabricate
which is what you're doing when you're
putting words in somebody's mouth you
are fabricating that means you have so
little material that you must make
something
up right do you see how they're on the
Run do you see they cannot stand the
head of Dallas Theological Seminary
couldn't stand and Wesley can't stand
I'm telling you all right fantastic we
love it people give me some more sources
this is sexy yeah blurp blurp to you too
100 100 give it to me 100 times over and
over again I can go all night people
right I think my I think mine's about a
dozen give it to me come on
chewy up it comes yeah we're a little
bit slow tonight Chey so Hil Satan Hil
Satan to everybody who's out there say
hello to Satan
um and thank you for the sources and the
resources tonight we really appreciate
it it's yummy and scrumptious and you
know without you without you blessed
Satan I'm sorry I should look at you in
the face without
you without you blessed
Satan um we wouldn't have this lovely
meal I just want to say thank you thank
you thank you for the guy who was the
podcaster and for Wesley you know you
have to you you you have to say there's
something about catching the runner you
know what I mean it's it's thank you I
really appreciate it thank you
s I'm sorry to get sentimental people
what is this it's Mark
Kapone po leg
on where was this girl who was dying
this 12year old that Jesus knows
immediately is not actually dead right
but is sleeping and can be revived if
he's able to handle her and we know what
kind of administration are they doing
with these drugs they are getting lots
of of
handiness right lots of applications for
God's sake did you see him spit on the
ground
yesterday oh God day before I still had
a bad dream about that man it's bad
stuff give it to me um
wait yeah any next one let's go keep
going couple of things I want to point
out about this culty stuff and this
Christian Christian awful it's just
awful
yeah yeah um so
they
God and when I saw him I fell at his
feet as if I were
dead yeah and he put his right hand he
put his right hand on me he got handsy
with me and he said what did Jesus say
when he got handsy with me when he
touched me he said meob I'm sorry to
take you back to this place people I
really am but he said May Bo you know
what we need turn I stim lie for this
one because it's kind of a sad thing he
he said do you have a picture of this J
he said this is Jesus shut up he said
don't be
afraid
right I'm the first and the
last yeah right I am the first and the
last right I
am that which brings you the Alpha and
the Omega I am the Morning Star do you
hear the cult do you hear the cult in it
right all the orics Raise Your Hands Say
Yes we get it and we see it for what it
is right we see it for what it is what
are you doing Jesus with the apostles
you're sending them out and by the way
when the text said Jesus sent out the
apostles did you know this is lovely did
you know that we have an actual record
the only thing that Jesus ever wrote
It's recorded right there's one instance
where he Stoops down the ground he
writes on the
ground right that's one but another one
is found in the
of Thomas it turns
out he had a bill of sale he sold Thomas
off right as a exactly what he would be
anywhere as a unic sex
slave yeah yeah remember when the kid
came in and got into Thomas's drugs
right the Eucharist and he ended up
paralyzed these are the people were
talking about these are people they call
M M right
Magi do you understand fantastic yeah oh
bring it back JY turn the lights back on
it's a little too green give it toy next
one people let's make love to this text
here this ancient Greek now notice
what's the difference between me what's
the difference people now we can think
about me for a minute it's okay it's
okay I know I know but think about me
for a minute what's the difference
between me and
Wesley right he says a lot about
Greek right and I say a lot of Greek
there are those who can talk and those
who could make love do you understand
this is fantastic this is from
Revelation I'm the one living and I
became dead and behold I am alive in the
ions of
ions and I have the
keys of death and
Hades do you hear the mystery do you
hear the mystery I'm the one who
became
dead and I'm now
alive do you hear the mystery where are
they they're in the ions of ions if you
don't understand that it's because you
don't have ears to hear you don't have
ears to hear and that's the real problem
because we are talking about the
Mysterion The Mystery of the Seven Stars
the mystery of the Seven Stars oh
remember that who has those oh who has
those Stars isn't that fantastic right
all the cultists now who are with
satanic initiation all of you people you
know this and you can recognize it right
and it's gorgeous absolutely
gorgeous those are The Wanderers who
started all the wandering that's the
devil baby the devil was the one go
ahead and what did she end up shouting
a isn't that nice isn't that nice Spock
people hail cor is right thanks for not
saying her name fantastic give me the
next one give me the next one we gotta
in we got to get people to get pumped up
because this is good stuff this is good
stuff are you ready totally new because
Christians cannot read their own text
right if you really think I mean think
about it for a minute people they sit
there and it's almost flattering they
sit there and say oh he surely knows his
Greek right oh but he only knows his
classical Greek not his coin right then
they'll say in a couple sentences oh he
sure knows his Greek you know why
because they're watching me use
it and they're
afraid they're afraid that they might be
shown for the frauds that they are this
is life man this is
life you are living in the age of
[Music]
fraudulence you follow Kings who are
frauds King who are frauds you love them
too don't you you love them you love
your fraud Kings oh yeah give it to me
there's a great dragon and he fell who
is this who is this who's being thrown
from
uranos it's the
dragon the
serpent the archaic
serpent right who is called
diabos and
satanas and people will say Satan is
from the Hebrew Shon that is
shite it is the Myster God
[Music]
saturnus and it is from his Cult of the
oyas the we derived classical oracles
through the Great
mwa oh it's absolutely gorgeous that's
why they keep asking me and I don't let
them have it man I just don't want to
let him have it do you want to see what
comes out of dragon's mouth right
remember we're at the party you want to
see what comes out of the dragon's mouth
give it to me give it to me Chewy H we
gotta we got to hurry because these
people they're like you know what I got
to get stimulated are you ready for
this o that's not bad I could do that I
can hang there and I heard a great voice
in uranos and it's
saying yeah right now baby is your
salvation right now is the power and the
kingdom of
[Music]
God it's all of its
Authority right the authority of what on
the authority of the Christ
[Music]
you yeah
why
because the dragon was thrown to the
Earth the accuser of our brothers the
accuser before the face of God day and
night do you know what the devil's job
is it's to show the
world exactly who the Monas
are yeah it's to show them if you didn't
think that you were going to get on
board with this whole devil thing you
know you can step off now because your
entire Mission your entire
mission is to show them to hold them up
right in their God's face right in their
God's face Donald J Trump right in the
face of God don't you love it that'll
that'll cut Yahoo's nuts clean
off that'll cut Yahoo's nuts clean off
cuz you can see who they are you can see
who they are look at you people look at
you
people look at your
gods don't you love it look at your god
seriously seriously
dude go out and kill your son go kill
your son go kill your son what go kill
your son
oh three days later he's screaming about
the voices telling him to kill his son
so he tries to kill his son but then the
voices tell him not
to do you know what these people were
doing in their own
words they were building a place where
the voice of God could be heard and do
you know who these people are I'm
talking about I'm talking about Greeks
you thought I was talking about Mo and
his crew no no no that's made up stuff
later and it's meant to mimic what's
going on in the Mysteries but you can't
read it so you can't see the Mysteries
and you don't know and somebody says
mystery you look around in church and
you look at each other you got no idea
and then you turn to people like Wesley
and Wesley says it's a it's a matter of
what it's the fructification of multip
multiplying my inner scope iotic mystery
what the hell are you talking about
please will somebody please tell me when
you are looking at an ancient language
you trying to get to the author's
intention by different levels of
contextual application what the hell are
you talking
about what the
hell when are you going to be done
swallowing this
stuff when
these are the people these are their
authorities this guy's going to go on
and be an
authority yeah yeah and it's going to be
fed to you it's going to be fed to you
and you're going to be right in the
poophole with them let's get out let's
get out give me give me a little bit
more I just want to tease him a little
bit more I know people we need to we
need to keep going we need to keep going
come couple of lovely things I want to
show you in the Greek here just bear
with me bear with me it's nice by the
way everybody out there who's working
hard on Greek it's getting to the
holidays people are people are getting
wanting to take breaks that's fantastic
that's fantastic you need to do that to
everybody in Alpha I'm gonna have a new
member um she has very much stood above
the bar and um I'm very proud to bring
her to you so Tre your well Alpha um
that's my Elite unit do you like that um
fantastic and uh yeah they overcame him
through the blood of the aru now this is
typically translated the blood of the
Lamb the blood of the Lamb the Aron is a
fleece upon which was written the
song of that
metic performer media who brings the
first Mysteries who we know was
called a
Christ right we know that there there's
references to her christing
herself right before she bombs this
population of people with drugs she
didn't just go for the kids like Jesus
did right I'm telling you it's a it's a
racket that way um now she bombed
everybody right in the community and
then when the bombing was over and
everybody was like whoa that was really
cool then you know it was a good thing
christing was a good thing when Jesus is
doing with the boys that he's taking off
of ships you know their fathers are out
their fishermen trying to fish and
they're like he's like luring the kids
away right and the kids go off with him
and next thing you know he's up in a
room private room with them no clothing
on what's he doing he's washing their
feet
right realize that this is all part and
parcel of that hygienic
salvation right that hygienic salvation
that is the monest cult right there's
going to be sex stuff involved too right
it's just part of the cult so when you
see that Jesus goes out and he does what
he did to Mary don't be surprised give
it to me give me the next one I've got
to we've got to wrap it up here
CU I can feel it people like oh it's a
little bit you know a little bit heavy I
want you to see though the depths I want
you to see a little bit more of the
depths and here we go did you notice we
have our red and green lights on tonight
it's a very kind of seasonal thing to do
right Merry Christmas everyone merry
what I can say Merry [ __ ] oh oh my
God I did it again I can say Merry
Christmas if I want to I can cuz
christm Christ Mass right Christ mass
and what do you do in a Christ Mass you
want to know what you do in the original
story yeah no you don't want to know you
don't want to know that's the that's the
thing be happy Heavens be happy Heavens
right have your little Temple St be
happy in the sea should why because that
devil that wicked
witch oh God oh
God he's look the dude knows right the
devil
knows right he has A Thon Megan he's a
great Soul dude and he
knows what does he know he knows he has
an olon
Chiron he has an a very brief
opportunity do you remember what I told
you we have a brief brief opportunity
here right and that's what we're doing
is we are opening that portal by how how
by just simply showing you the text what
they are it's not a it's not a confusion
it's not a mystery people say oh God you
don't know what they did in the mystery
you don't know what they did oh my god
do you realize how much is written about
exactly what they did in the Mysteries
are you joking are you crazy do you read
this stuff no the fact is they don't
people they don't as soon as I started
seeing the sexy literature you know me I
was like oh wait what I was reading one
day I was like oh God who is this who is
this is talking about oh talking about
the Sphinx they call her the black
Sphinx right this is in the PGM it's in
the magical papy JY see if you can get
some images to scare my God what
happened
disappeared maybe chewy is AI um look
look I'm free what can I do what can I
do I can press something look oh it's
too
late did did it come did it come up okay
so the problem
is where the hell were we where the hell
were we chewy I can't clown around these
people are giving me their time the
black Sphinx thank you the black Sphinx
is standing there in this Greek magical
papaye right
this particular section talks about her
and it calls her the Pedas why because
she has a boy with her she has a boy
with her this black Sphinx these I'm
telling you these Christians in their
magic you know why Paul was like throw
away your magic books bro those things
are dirty right they're dirty dirty
dirty Magic books and what do they do in
their dirty Magic books she has that boy
Bo what does the text say it says insert
the scroll into her private
region the scroll has on it ink that is
bioactive is another
drug it's another drug that they're
using the very ink are you saying the
ink on the Aro
the ink on the fleece yes that
blood that
him
is from
her oh my God so you mean the cup of
bests that they just found the
Floridians have there and they're
holding that cup of best in prison those
scientists have her in a prison you
understand you understand that when I
say the black Sphinx inserted a scroll
into her private parts do you understand
when I tell you these are drug practices
of
monest do you
understand what I'm talking
about yeah you do and it bothers you and
it bothers you to know that Jesus Christ
is in this but that gets my goat that
you won't look at the sources you won't
look at the reality instead dead you'll
send your wait what I'll move over it
gets my goat and you
won't you won't stand up when it comes
down to it you monest are
cowards your faith is a paper tiger your
faith is a paper tiger and it gets my
goat that when it you're perfectly happy
to put into another person's mouth
lies but when it comes to standing face
to face you
run you run you're cowards and you run
Liars are always cowards Penelope I love
you baby I love you it makes me want to
pin your little Hawk there like that
okay anyway go ahead take it off take it
off good night penel
maybe two more let's do two more let's
do two more boom I think let's just go
boom right there and
uh uh yeah he's got a big heart you know
that he's yeah we did that yeah um he's
got he's got to escape baby he's got a
very he's got a very slender um you
know piece of wood that's holding the
window up that he's gonna jump through
in time you know what I mean so it's
this is very tenuous situation it's not
very good and the dragon gets thrown to
the Earth and what is the first thing
the dragon
does okay everybody who's been listening
are you ready he
pursues right he passionately pursues
the
woman
okay who is it that the great musician
returns when they take on role of the
priest of Apollo they return her they
bring her back it is Lady babylon's cup
of
pora that is the enemy of everything
monest because it sets us free of their
lies it sets us free of their lies it
turns out in the future when we learn
everything that we know about the ACT
ities of these people that it changes
the way we think about them it changes
our level of Toleration for what these
[Music]
monest viruses bring to Human
Society right monism as a
form of Mind
Control right and when I tell
you you have to stop trus trusting your
reason when I tell you that when I tell
you faith is everything just take my
word for it faith is everything right
when I tell you that and I castrate you
mentally right then I've got you then
I've got you please people you will
never be fooled
by the dude who was interviewing or
whatever his name was and the Wesley
you'll never be fooled by them if always
trust your reason always trust your
reason right right please for the sake
of humanity in the future
Generations please trust your reason
fantastic I love it did that I'm sorry I
didn't mean to get I got all emotional
there should be more whipping and
whatnot right what's going on I think I
think that no I can't I can't you I've
got to be in the mood I've got to be in
the mood I want to leave you off with
just this and this is going to be
prompt this is going to be the prompt
for next week are you ready people I'm
going to give you a little taste a
little taste of what's coming you're
gonna love
this are you ready I've been talking
about aerrow poisons for a long time now
and I've told you this all goes back the
Chris thing the mystery right this all
goes back to these arrow poison wielding
Cults right and they're female cults
they're women's Cults they're producing
meets right I'm gonna next week next
time we talk I'm going to bring
you actual accounts of the aerop poison
itself and what it does to you this is
what this is saying when you drink
it okay this is not for somebody who's
right um under non
circumstances right this isn't when
you're out in the field and get hit with
an arrow or something right this is when
it's purposefully being used within a
right now does Wesley and what's his
name ever will they ever know this
material right no of course they won't
of course they won't people just Revel
in it this is nander by the way and
nander was influential on a whole ton of
people a whole ton of people he's just
oh god he's a genius he's a he's a he's
a priest of Apollo right so he's a
Healer he's a physician and he knows all
the drugs well here he's talking
specifically about the aerop poison and
I just want to give you a preview I just
want to give you a preview because this
aerrow poison causes you to enter into
states of mania and these are the very
same states of mania that this text says
that are being used intentionally by the
priestesses the oracular priestesses and
why would this Priest nander 1 Century
BC why would he be interested in
this because he is an oracular priest
it's part of his practice and so what
I'm going to show you is exactly what
happens the rest of the world can sit
back and they can enjoy the back alley
all they want
the satanic congregation is going to
have the reality and when they find all
of those ships and all of those supplies
and we find all of the
drugs
please please rub it in their faces that
they were asleep and that they were
trying to pull wool over your
eyes
this is the Temple of the m news or
Reason is always
Queen thank you for coming
tonight thank you for spending time with
us and allowing me to be so
jovial shirt will be back next
week thank you for
coming my Blue Lady of the Lake fly this
way P by dragons
chanting singing with The Muse in the
blizzard of ours we can get a light
Cruiser from the Cana
Bar D Bringers root
Cutters Hong Kong diesel truckers
chickadilla
fromia all about it on a
Mia diesel Hawking pills you want them
she eats them babies donut assassin
black goo got some on you Wicked craft
the arrows flew
amazona
Faria purple trucks in the eyes Jesus
Christ you might have in your eyes
she
science you might have drugs in your
eyes She Blinded Me beside
you might have jokes to your eyes she me
science you might have J in your eyes
She Blinded Me With Science